this is a quick user guide to phantom
6:01 Oh mini infrared helicopter
the box comes with the helicopter the
USB cable which is wrapped in the
instructions and the controller plug the
USB charging cable into any available
USB port on your computer then take the
other end and plug it into the bottom of
the helicopter it goes in only one way
once you plug it in you will see the red
light light up on the USB cable
once it's done charging the light will
go out at this point in time your
helicopter is ready to fly you can also
charge the helicopter using the cable
this inside the controller but I
wouldn't recommend it since it will use
up your batteries quickly you want to
take off from an even surface when
you're using your helicopter so I would
suggest using perhaps an old piece of
cardboard or a magazine of some sort as
a smooth surface so the helicopter
doesn't hang up when the cakes are now
are you ready to go
give the helicopter one third to one
half throttle initially to help you get
it off the ground
you wanted to clear the ground and get
it into the air then reduce the throttle
now I can get enough throttle initially
will cause unstable flight near the
ground and cause problems use the trim
potentiometer on the side of the
controller to adjust a slight rotation
of the helicopter going up trims it to
the left and going down sends it to the
right the other controls on the
controller besides the trim forward
backward
it's been right it's been left forward
left forward to the right if you are
going forward and then you hit this
button it'll go really fast after the
helicopter is done flying let it sit for
10 minutes before recharging the battery
again this will let the battery cool
down
you